NARRATOR: AND NOW IT'S
TIME FOR SOME MORE...
"AMAZING ANIMALS"!
NUMBER 89...
THE AMAZING CROCODILE!
SPECIFICALLY THE
SALTWATER CROCODILE.
BUT THEY CAN LIVE IN
SALT AND FRESH WATER!
CROC: HEY CHECK ME OUT!
NARRATOR: THE "SALTIE" LIVES
AROUND THESE SHORELINES
OF ASIA AND AUSTRALIA.
THEY ARE THE LARGEST
AND HEAVIEST OF ALL
REPTILES ON EARTH TODAY!
CROC: DUMDI-DUM-DI-DUM...
YEAH, TELL 'EM
WHAT ELSE I CAN DO.
NARRATOR: AH, WELL, YOU DO
HAVE VERY POWERFUL JAWS...
CROC: YEAH, AND...
NARRATOR: LOTS OF TEETH...
CROC: YEAH?
NARRATOR: AND A MASSIVE TAIL.
AND YOU CAN ALSO MAKE YOURSELF
LOOK LIKE A FLOATING LOG.
CROC: YEEAHH.
NARRATOR: LIKE ALL REPTILES,
CROCODILES ARE COLD BLOODED
AND SPEND A LARGE PART
OF THE DAY LYING IN
THE SUN JUST WARMING UP.
DUCK: IS THAT A FLOATING LOG?
DUCK 2: I'M NOT SURE!
DUCK: QUICK, DUCK!
CROC: GOT YA, HE-HE!
NARRATOR: CROCODILES ALSO
HAVE A ROMANTIC SIDE.
THE MALES CAN TRAVEL
GREAT DISTANCES
IN SEARCH OF A FEMALE.
CROC: HEY BABY, LOOK AT
MY BUBBLES, YEAH!
FEMALE CROC: EWW I CAN SMELL
THEM AND I LOVE IT!!
NARRATOR: SIX WEEKS LATER,
THE FEMALE BUILDS A
NEST AND LAYS MANY EGGS.
TASTY FOOD FOR
OTHER PREDATORS.
FEMALE CROC: OH GET
OFF MY NEST, SHOO!
DINGO WON'T GET MY BABY!
NARRATOR: WHEN THE BABIES
HATCH THEY CALL OUT
TO THEIR MOM TO HELP
DIG THEM OUT!
BABY CROCS: MOMMY,
MOMMY, MOMMY.
NARRATOR: SHE CARRIES THE
BABIES AROUND IN HER MOUTH!
FEMALE CROC: WHERE'S NUMBER
33... ANYONE SEEN KYLIE?
NARRATOR: EVEN THE BABIES ARE
SUPERB LITTLE PREDATORS!
BABY CROC: WE'RE A "CHIP
OFF THE OLD CROC," ALL RIGHT.
NARRATOR: THEY MIGHT LOOK LIKE
ANGRY UNDERWATER CHAINSAWS
BUT THE SALTWATER
CROCODILE IS CERTAINLY
ONE AMAZING ANIMAL!